I syndicate unt imagine so to do what the hearing thing,
as he is a being called to the Maori people.
Do I take it?
No, I will not do it.
You must not do it.
I will not listen to your words,
nor will I listen to your efforts.
You are called the Silver-Haired.
Yes, I am.
I am the Silver-Haired.
And your name is?
No, I am not.
I am not a great master,
but I am a man of great knowledge.
I am the Silver-Haired.
You are the Silver-Haired.
I have been being followed,
but I am only a beggar,
and I am useless in the world of Udo.
But if I am weak, I will fight.
If I am strong, I will fight.
Your brother-in-law is a prophet
because he taught the evil trouble
to the strong in town.
May we go back to theater
and say that the brothers
are a man of great ability.
I am the Silver-Haired.